[Music]
Hello my dear Lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying
the day and what a night of live
we had yesterday eh completely
unexpected surprise appears in the chat
Raquel Bollo herself calls us and
enters live I have
many more surprises prepared for
you don't worry The only thing I want is for you to
support all the videos all the
live shows by liking subscribing and
well to start I tell you that tomorrow
night at 11 we have a
very special live show that we're going to prepare
very powerful for you to enjoy
a live show with Maica Vasco okay we're going to
deal
very deeply with the subject of Paz
Padilla I want to tell you that this audio
that I'm going to put here in this video is
completely crazy crazy this
audio is going very viral on the
internet and it's an audio from none other
than Andrés Caparrós the father of
Alonso worker collaborator of Sálvame
this man well he has given free rein and free rein
to his freedom of expression
and he has opened up and is commenting
quite strongly on  Fidel about Rocio
Carrasco and he has a poisoned dart a
harsh criticism of how permissive
the champions are not the Campos The Campos
Carlota corredera and others I leave you with the
audio that lasts about 7 minutes and I want you to
be very attentive and not miss a
detail okay
and now I do
n't understand what she's doing and I don't
understand
How Maria Teresa Campos And how
her daughters
defend
Rocio Carrasco so much
and don't
and don't value two things that
seem
fundamental to me in this whole story
first
that Rocio Carrasco's husband Fidel
must be aware I suppose he is
aware
that Rocio Carrasco
is a
vulnerable
fragile person that's what
I think
without being a specialist
in psychology or psychiatry that's what I
deduce from her behavior
now and always
every time I've seen her on television
every time she's spoken on television it
has seemed obvious to me
that she does it
without
the level of reasoning that you have to have
to go out and talk about someone
like her daughter
Especially like her daughter because you
put
your former
armament green
but
that you have given rise and are giving rise
to your daughter, that your children suffer so much
with that refusal to talk to them is that
any any argument
any defense that can be made
of a mother
who lets time and time pass
and more time and more time
and closes the doors to reunion and
abandons the reconquest
of the love of her daughter,
of the closeness of her daughter, of the hug of
her daughter
because when she was 14 or 15 years old
a mother mistreated her. Forgive those things
of a teenage daughter,
nothing that can be said is worth it to me.
And if a son or a grandson makes you suffer, I'm
not going to say it, it
matters to me when they give you a hug, when they
look you in the eyes, that
cannot be delayed, it
cannot be delayed, Rocío Carrasco,
and it cannot be allowed if it were
true, which I have not seen or
heard,
that your brothers because your mother
and your stepfather made have two more children, it
cannot be allowed that your partner
called them. If it is true, if
supposedly that is what is said,
immigrants,
not to your brothers but to immigrants.
This fills me,
I will continue talking about  this
and I know that by saying what I think and what I
feel,
well, maybe in Sálvame I will
make a comment that
shows the anger of, for example,
Carlota Corredera, who
is
such a faithful defender
and who justifies absolutely everything,
everything, everything, which is what has been
for years and years the behavior
from my point of view, questionable of
a mother.
But anyway, my grandson has come and
my daughter, Rosa,
is a Sergeant. By the way,
Dad, I
'm already trembling,
but a daughter arrives, she was a daughter and she was
a son and what's happening, what's happening, my God,
because your heart lights up, your
chest breaks with pride and
affection and love, how can you live without that,
how can you live without that,
everything else,
but without that, that, that
scene, the mother and the children,
how can you
consent, so much time without the
depth, the minor emotion, enormous,
endearing, incomparable, of a hug
and a kiss from a daughter or a son
who treated you badly,
find out why it happened.
Well, what did you think? I told you
that it wasn't going to leave you indifferent. I want you to, I
want you to comment on it, okay, I want you to
Leave
your most sincere opinion in the comment box. You really
know that you have no problem as long as you are
not disrespectful. You can let loose. Do you
think there might be retaliation? Look at
what I thought, Alonso himself,
about the father's words because I
already see these people capable of anything.
No family. I will be reading you. Don't
forget to share the video in your
WhatsApp groups, in your
Facebook group, and in all the places where you
are gossiping. I will see you in a bit and I
send you a huge hug.
[Music]